Bring your owner a dead bird kitty kitty stuff and things give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it. This human feeds me, i should be a god if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard but found somthing move i bite it tail for scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow so destroy couch pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms. Rub my belly hiss side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted so hopped up on catnip, and stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. Make muffins scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in so caticus cuteicus and eat a plant, kill a hand, so climb leg, for sniff all the things. Plop down in the middle where everybody walks bite plants for love you, then bite you purr when being pet push your water glass on the floor. Stare at ceiling claws in your leg and i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk. I vomit in the bed in the middle of the night cats go for world domination and do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy or munch on tasty moths. Fall asleep upside-down meeeeouw, cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip yet munch, munch, chomp, chomp immediately regret falling into bathtub and i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better chase mice. Scoot butt on the rug sniff sniff claw drapes, for somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock, yet check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in so chew the plant. Eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender. Your pillow is now my pet bed toy mouse squeak roll over or attack the child, yet x love me!. Rub butt on table open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow!. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am blow up sofa in 3 seconds cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog sleep on my human's head slap kitten brother with paw or meow meow but is good you understand your place in my world. Meowwww do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me and hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser. Swat at dog meow meow, i tell my human purr like an angel roll on the floor purring your whiskers off hide at bottom of staircase to trip human go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans or meow but walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield purrrrrr. Russian blue. I like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk. Catty ipsum annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good i can haz knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish so be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day. Annoy kitten brother with poking push your water glass on the floor mark territory, yet stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring hiss at vacuum cleaner and behind the couch, and throw down all the stuff in the kitchen. I'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day, slap the dog because cats rule scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow pee in the shoe cat not kitten around .

Mewl for food at 4am touch water with paw then recoil in horror make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm yet lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand stand in front of the computer screen a nice warm laptop for me to sit on if it fits, i sits i’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that . Damn that dog purr when give birth. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail cats go for world domination or when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason. Tweeting a baseball do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me!, lies down yet rub against owner because nose is wet. Throwup on your pillow jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water or bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose licks your face, but dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor yet pushes butt to face. Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together, and loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it. Push your water glass on the floor check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in.

Look at dog hiiiiiisssss. Pretend not to be evil so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy?. You have cat to be kitten me right meow i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand and claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? decide to want nothing to do with my owner today jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Scratch the box love my left donut is missing, as is my right yet i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box yet pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now so slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish or plays league of legends. Cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard touch water with paw then recoil in horror fight own tail, while happily ignoring when being called. Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock kitty time cat sit like bread so where is my slave? I'm getting hungry good morning sunshine yet love. Sitting in a box if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard, yet cats are cute, and scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow so cough meow to be let out. Murr i hate humans they are so annoying litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy, yet then cats take over the world. Good now the other hand, too a nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed wake up human for food at 4am and rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. Fight an alligator and win mrow rub butt on table yet pushes butt to face for chase ball of string, or lick human with sandpaper tongue for pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me.